Drupal

yt: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTNWIk3gdFY&list=PLnFNXJ1uZ9dzysIXa9HNMdv4shJ2z_Y81&index=1

It is basically a Content Management System written in PHP.
We need XAMPP or composer to use drupal.
X - Cross Platform(can run on various OS)
A - Apache
M - MySQL
P - PHP
P - Perl

then download drupal and set it inside the XAMPP folder.
then go to local host and set up things follow the YT video.

Content type:
Article - for time related content like news,blog.
Basic Page - a normal basic weba page.

Blocks:
Blocks are like a component in a web page in React, it is like a navbar, sidebar, header, footer.
Block Type:
To create a block type first we need to assign block type. 
To create a block type go to structure -> block type.
In block type we can define the structure of the block, attributes that it would have, manage persmission,manage what to display.
Block:
To create a block go to content -> blocks
After the creation of a block type, we create a block and specify the block type and fill the contents.
Place Block:
to place a block go to structure -> block layout
Then we place that block in a position like sidebar, footer etc.

Themes:
A basic theme is given to us, we can install and use other themes.
To manipulate themes go to Appearance.
There is a separate theme for user as well as admin.
Admin theme is the contents that we see when going to manage, basically everything other than our website. Note that Admin themes doesnt change the top most header part that has manage,shortcuts,admin,back to website
User theme is for the website that we are creating.
In appearance -> settings we can change favicon, logo image, what to display.
To add a new theme go to Appearance->List->add theme, them search for drupal themes online and find a compatable one for your version, then add theme with the tar.zip's link.
Based on the themes settings in appearance -> settings would change possibly giving more options.

Menu's:
Menus are a collection of links (menu items) used to navigate a website.
Go to Structure -> Menus to acces them, create a menu. sub links can be given py pushing the link slightly to right when ordering them.
They are considered like blocks and should be placed in block layout.
levels is menu refer to when we set them as sub link so, /home - level 1
                                                           /about - level 2
                                                           /service - level 2
                                                             /about/firstcompany - level 3
when i set level to 2 i can see the menu in levels 2 and lower which are basically /about,/service,/about/firstcompany 
links can be enabled and disabled, insted of deleting them if not needed

Shortcuts:
We can use the star symbol on different menus or sub menus and mark them as shortcuts to reach them faster. 

Contact Form:
Create a contact form from structure -> contact form.Add the receiptant and modify the required fields as per requirement.
 
Modules:
Modules are basically a collection of file that do a task, it is similar to dependencies. We can make custom modules or use other's modules for our page.
To store contact information from contact us, i installed a module called as "contact storage" and to do that follow similar steps as getting themes.
To have contack storage i had to get another module called "token".
Now when i go to structure->contact forms->list, i can see the deatails that i submitted.

Form:
Install "web form module" and then select all related to web form and install it.
We can see that it has been added by going to structure, in that we will be able to see Webforms.
Go to webforms click on add web forms to create a new webform, after this add elements based on the requirements.
We can give it regex to validate.
Help - it provides a question mark ? and on hover displays message.
More - a arrow with more written with it and clicking on it will display message.





